Are you alright uncle
Why are you here?
Xiaocao died
Let me pick you up when you get off work.
I didn't expect this to happen again
Just this stinky beggar
You hit me again.
We should hit you half dizzy
I'm not making trouble
I also have a wife, to be fair
The truth hasn't come out yet
It was also maliciously danced by some people
Wrong good people
This is not the fabric I ordered at all
This could be someone trying to frame me.
Then tell me who framed you
Uncle Li
You are always responsible for purchasing fabrics.
Can you tell me what's going on here?
You ask me what's going on
Chairperson, I have to report to you
Just a few days ago
Miss Save asked me to accept a shipment
It is said to be an inspection-free product.
And shoved me 5,000 bucks
I just know now
Are you eating a kickback?
Look at you spitting blood
Why can't you admit it?
It's a terrible thing.
This project owner needs to be replaced
Hmph. Meanwhile, Sun Wanqiu can't stay in the company anymore
Everything, Sun Wanqiu, you bear it alone